One of the most popular API documentation specifications is OpenAPI,
formerly known as the swagger specification.
OpenAPI allows you to describe your API using JSON or YAML.
YAML is a markup language commonly used for configuration files.
With OpenAPI, you can describe available endpoints,
operations with parameters, authentication methods,
and contact information about your API.
Swagger is the name associated with some of the most well-known and
widely used tools for implementing the open API specification.
Swagger helps you design, build,
document, and consume REST APIs.
SpringFox is a swagger integration for the Spring framework.
There are several parts to swagger.
The Swagger Editor; it's a browser-based editor where you can write OpenAPI specs.
Swagger UI, this renders OpenAPI specs as interactive API documentation.
Swagger Codegen; it generate server steps in client libraries from an OpenAPI spec.